David Langen

1. 

a) This is a high risk situation. I would think that the developer would need to implement of team of researchers to 
go over this new OS system and how they could implement it to their game withough wasting time. Potentially the beginning
could be a more simple design, but as the new OS system has been put into place, they could enhance elements of the game
that would provide the user with new looks and allow the game to maintain interest as the game reduces repetition and 
as it enhance itself throughout developmentally. This would avoid having to turn back to the beginning and restarting the
process.

b) I'd think that this would be low-risk (unless you had the best of the best), as you would need to quickly replace new graphics 
artist and get him to cooberate the rest of the game with the initial 2 months. If the game was high budget with an excessive
timeline, the team could simply restart as a second option.

c) I would believe this to be high-risk concidering the importance of the game, I'd guess that they'd have hired an inadequate 
group of programmers, who'd have been satisfied with the product before running open and closed beta tests. The programmers
it would seem were in it for the money rather than the satisfaction of distributing a solid project. Unless of course there were
extennuating circumstances. 


David Langen, Dylan R

2. Donkey Kong Post-Mortem


What went right; Exceeded expectations; the enovironment, graphics ahead of its time, solid enemy base, bosses that allow the
user to remain interest etc.. There are also bonus options as in spelling out K-O-N-G in each level where
some of the letters may be hidden in difficult precarious areas, and collecting which also increases the difficulty level of the game.  
 
What went wrong; The competitive level of the game became repetitious so the user, once acclamated with the simple controls of
the game, you get the sense that completing it to the end is innevitable. 

What can be improved upon; Wider range of characters. Concentrate on more powerups. The difficulty of the levels could be enhanced (eg
the length of the level, improvisation, mid-level bosses, more underwater areas with oxygen timers etc..)  


The team management, concept and development coming together to discuss their final product, future projects and combatibility of
the overall team's effort.