Cact-Eye
Intended Game Systems; PC
Target Age of Players; 10+
Intended ESRB Rating; E10 Everyone
Game Summary;
The game involves your chosen cactus attempting to defy odds against different weather patterns, and unique enemies along its way to the city. The main focus is to escape from the dessert, just as someone abandoned, and make your way back to the nearest city. The game can differ, however, as different desserts surrounding adjacent cities would present different obstacles. The contrast of enemies will be vast, (wolfs at night, snakes by day etc…) and would involve a puzzle element to move your way closer to an accepting society. Once completely dehydrated, your story ends. Different cacti would be awarded different abilities (ie. Moon Cactus can move swiftly through the night where a Jumping Chola may attract snakes and other enemies along the way).
Distinct Modes of Gameplay
The game introduces a simple idea and then enhances it. The game is called Cact-Eye, which implements Simulation gaming, and ends with Multiplayer accessibility after, Step 1) (Training (Cactus Practice)) ; Step 2 (Building (Getting’ Thorny), and finally Step 3, the opportunity to face off against other online challengers. Step 1 is a tutorial on how to maintain your Cactus through rough conditions, or benefit from conditions more favorable. Step 2, is a campaign designed on making your way through the dessert, and learning to maintain being a prick as you find your way into society, which makes you more vulnerable. Step 2  is the main step of the game as it is designed to develop your character into shape, whilst needing to maintain its uniform. Along with the need to survive, you will be able to develop different attack and defense strategies to perform adequately through step 3. Step 3 of the game’s development is back to the basics (ie. Plants vs Zombies), where step 1 would be focused primarily simulation-based. 

Unique Selling Points
Attribute Enhancements 
Multiple Gameplay Options
Multiple Video Game Genres

Competitive Product
The Sims
Plant Vs. Zombies




Volleywood
Intended Game Systems; Xbox 1, Playstation 4
Target Age of Players; 10+
Intended ESRB Rating; Teen
Game Summary
Volleywood is a turn-based game focusing on Volleyball. You have the option of choosing a team from 2 players a side, to six, all which have customizable options. The game follows the same rules as Volleyball,  (point-system, playing area, playing grounds etc…). The game is a Sports/Action game far from the basic serve and spike. The idea is to move through matches whilst gaining representation through Hollywood fame in order to strengthen your teams movement, which is to become Hollywood champs, and grasp the golden ball award in the end along with a check which would be donated to whichever charity the characters on the teams focus on. This creates a sense of realism after the cartoonish outlook of the production. 
Distinct Modes of Gameplay
The gameplay options I’ve thought up for the game are simple; training, single player, Spot and Spike (used to gain celebrity action points), and multiplayer. Volleywood is a volleyball sports game that introduces famous, self-absorbed and has-been actors/actresses, that carry their “known-for” traits onto the sand. For example, Pamela Anderson, would be able to show her breasts to distract the server/spiker on the opponent team’s shot. You would be able to use such attributes with “Hollywood Points” as well as the way you’ve chosen your team to start with such abilities by handicapping your team slightly, or gaining a fan base, using slander and self-promotion. For example, Pamela Anderson self-promoting a trivia game would not increase your point total, or a characters power to corrupt the other team’s standard gameplay. A wide number of characters would be available to use (hopefully with the option to trademark, or upsell their new projects), along with a wide variety of offensive and defensive power plays. Another example, could be, as much as I hate to say it, Paul Walker with fiery hair that would also distract the server. The training is self-explanatory, as its programmed to teach the player. Single player is where you achieve the “Golden Ball” and donate your winnings to actual celebrity foundations. And of course multiplayer.
Unique Selling Points
Celebrity profile
Power Moves
Competitiveness
Competitive Products
EA
2K-


SWAT
Intended Game Systems- Android, IOS
Target Age of Players – 13+
Intended ESRB Rating – Teen

Game Summary
Swat is a third-person action- adventure linear video game. The game focuses on a person stranded in the rain forest with the main focus on getting through enemies and obstacles to find your way out alive, and to determine in the end, who left you defenseless, and abandoned in the puzzle filled location, and for what reason. Along the way the player is expected to defend against attack and against adversaries, like mosquitos and bees, to snakes, gorillas etc. The ideal end to the game would be of course surviving the terrain through puzzles, and interacting with enemies that could potentially take your side depending on treatment of the moment in hand, whether using aggressive tactics or utilizing a more submissive style of gameplay to gain trust.
Distinct Modes of Gameplay
The gameplay would be highly engaging, third-person, with diverse puzzles, that would require quick reaction times (ie. Mosquito swarms being avoided through newspapers collected, bug spray, nets etc…) and button algorithms that would be used to avoid branches, bear traps etc. Throughout your adventure in the woods, you would have the option of expanding your inventory depending on puzzles solved. The inventory would be limited appropriately to allow fair chance for player and enemy. Again, the puzzle element would be highly incorporated in the game, making the adventure a bit easier as you solve higher puzzle difficulties, (ie. Luring a bear into a trap, as you back track through completed puzzles, but having a need to recomplete the puzzles as you move back, at a faster pace. Having a bear on your side, however, would greatly increase your chances of survival (ie saving a bear already trapped through difficult puzzle work, utilizing items in your inventory etc.).
Unique Selling Points
Fusion Gameplay (Puzzle, Action-Adventure)
Detailed Environment
User-Friendly
Competitive Products
Ghosts and Goblins
The Forest


Formula-Gun

Intended Game Systems; All Consoles
Target Age; Adults
Intended ESRB Rating; M

Game Summary
Formula-Gun is a play-off of Formula 1 racing game, introducing a gangster aspect to the game. Starting from the main menu, you have the option to train, but if you are savvy in the Formula 1 racing you can start to compete in whatever mode comfortable ranging from the usual beginner to expert options. Along with the racing, you will also be able to choose a weapon, or weapons, to create a lethal machine (comparable to the movie Death Race), to intimidate or eliminate the AI, or multiplayer other players logged into the game. The single player, which is advised in the beginning, allows you to pick your car and initial weapons, defensive and offensive, to progress through the courses. As you make your way through your choice of vehicle and artillery can be upgraded. Eliminating enemy vehicles, finishing the course in 1st place, and collecting items throughout the game will allow you to upgrade your vehicle and character in order to keep pace with the difficulty levels. The overall goal is to complete the selection of course packages unhinged, and to collect medals and BadAss points. Time, condition of vehicle, overall kills and mastery of courses will all be recorded so that Multiplayer connectivity can be implemented, and competitive.
Distinct Modes of Gameplay
There will be a tutorial before you are able to begin the game, short and sweet. Afterwards, you will have multiple options. Of course single player will be available. Once the player completes a series of courses, Multiplayer will be unlocked. Another feature to Formula-Gun will be the opportunity to head off to the gun-range, to improve aim, as well as purchase ammunition and weaponry from the races that you’ve completed and the monies you’ve accumulated. Another touch is that you will be able to compete in underground races which will be available at a cost, with a larger likelihood to add weapons and cash to your arsenal, but the stakes will become greater, as in this mode the risk of losing your car and your life with be increased. 
Unique Selling Points
Multiple Options for Car and Weapons
Online Capabilities
Realistic Vehicles and Accuracy of Weapons
Competitive Products
Formula 1
Gran-Turismo
GTA


Poke’n Gone

Intended Game Systems; Mobile, IOS
Target Age; 10+
Intended ESRB Rating; E

Game Summary
Poke’n Gone is a game closely related to Pokemon Go. The difference is to locate objects around the GTA (or wherever you install the APP), and cut them off your list. The list will start easy (ie. A Rose, A Car, etc), you then point your phone, and it disappears from the list you’re working on. Of course, as the game goes on, the objects to be removed will become more complex. For example instead of a Rose, you’ll need to locate a Purple Rose. Instead of any car, you’ll be asked to find a rare car. The difficulty will continue to rise, as stats will continue to be recorded online. This game has many opportunities to promote companies, and create a revenue stream. The goal for the creator of course is to be sponsored and receive a royalty type payment in the end.

Distinct Modes of Gameplay
The main mode of gameplay is obvious. The player is to interact in the real world, whilst removing objects from the list with their smartphone or tablet. The multiplayer aspect will allow friends and family to join your team and search together to deplete their lists until a new list is programmed into their system. 

Unique Selling Points
Complete Interactive Play
Reward Systems (Coupons, Gifts etc).
Obsession

Competitive Products
Pokemon Go
