9.4 Excercises

1. 

indie developer examples, https://instabug.com/blog/mobile-game-publisher 


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video_game_development


For Marketers and Communicators
Get Influential Bloggers contacts
Doing blogger outreach or influencer marketing and want to connect with new influencers in niche markets? Improve your outreach by connecting with thousands of authority bloggers and social media influencers in your domain area. Feedspot media database has over 100k Influential Bloggers in over 1500 niche categories. Email us the type of bloggers you want to reach out for your marketing campaign.
Email us
Indie Game Blogs


The list of indie-friendly game publishers - 2018
1? Publishing ( 1cpublishing.eu )
505 Games ( 505games.com )
Adult Swim Games ( adultswim.com/games )
Alawar ( alawar.com )
Armor Games ( armorgamesstudios.com )
BadLand ( badlandgames.com )
BUKA Entertainment ( buka.ru )
Chucklefish ( chucklefish.org )

Game development, production, or design is a process that starts from an idea or concept. Often the idea is based on a modification of an existing game concept. ... Independent developers rely on financial support from a game publisher. They usually have to develop a game from concept to prototype without external funding (Google Search)

Page 211 - In short, the indie game movement is shaping the game industry faster than any other factor, and scaring larger AAA publishers. Larger studios recruit exclusively from the indie game developer community and game jam events. A good example of this is Ubisoft, who is well-known for recruiting from Global Game Jam in downtown Toronto at the Ryerson DMZ (where most of the participants are triOS students.

3. 

a) The copyrights are being transfered from the developer to the producer (Activision). 

b) Developing and producing are requirements that help devlop a publisher-developer relationship. Both ends would have to be highly aware of the development of the game, as neither side would prospor from a mediocre development of the game (ie. Gameplay, Sources and Elements, Entertainment and Empathy etc...), which would be in the hands of the First Product and Second Product. This would include a team of Designers, Artists, Animators, Engineers, tools programmers, an audio lead representative and programmer. 

c) An NDA is a legal contract between 2 parties or more, with confidential materials or information that are to be shared between one another, but wish to restrict access to or by third parties.

Examples of this would be doctor/patient confidentiality, attorney-client priviledge etc...

