1.5 Exercises

1. Q. Which of the game companies discussed in this chapter have since ceased operation?

1. A. Coleco - Ultimately the vide game crash of 1983 led a sales decline for the Colecovision. Coleco was discontinued by the end of 1985.  
Furthermore, Sega was plagued with hardware issues such as low supply of VMU's, lack of Sega light gun, and some games didn't work when shipped. 
The dreamcast was Sega's last attempt at competing in the console market. 

2. Q. What is the connection between Atari and the Commodore computer company?

2. A. It is believed that the saturation of low quality games, such as E.T.- into the video game market hurt consumer confidence. Computers such as Commodore 64 were becoming a viable alternative to video game consoles. 

3. Q. The song "Jump Around" by house of Pain contains the following lyrics:
		Tryin' to play me out like my name was SEGA.
		But I ain't goin' out like no punk bitch.
      Briefly describe what this is in refference to. 

3. A. To be brief, SEGA was beaten out by the other larger competitors, and gave up, as they say in song, the House of Pain would not give up as SEGA did. 


4. Assemble into small groups and discuss each of the following games (research them online if needed). For each game, list it's genre/genres. You may find that many games today have multiple genres or define themselves with a genre that doesn't fit any existing genre definitions. (E.G Little Big Planet) - for these games, create a custom genre that describes the game.

   Genres


   FPS - Call of Duty ( A shoot em up war game with superior graphics. - Gears of War 2 ( Shoot em up, Cog vs. Alien, superior graphics). - Halo 3 (Defending against alien intrusion). - Half- Life 2 (Known for being ahead of its time. One of the higher rated games of all time). 

   Old School - Defender ( A classic arcade game released by Williams Electronics in 1981). - Ms Pacman, Pacman (They are both arcade games from the golden age). - Space invaders (A classic that still is highly recognized as the best game ever made). - Super Mario Bros (Also Act and Adv. Super Mario was the beginning of a fanchise of games that continue to this day). - Teenage Mutant Nija Turtles (Also Act. Adv. Fun!) - The Legend Of Zelda (An Open World created by Japanese game designers Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka). 

   RPG - Fable II ( Fable II is an action role-playing open world game developed by Lionhead Studios). -  Final Fantasy 7 (Created in 1997 for the Playstation console. Wildly popular. One of my favorites to this day.) - Starcraft (Owned by Blizzard along with other staples, Warcraft and Diablo).
   
   Open World - Grand Theft Auto (Also a Shoot em' Up type video game desighned by Rochstar Entertainment) . 

   Simulation - The Sims 2 ( A game for all ages that helps the player understand structure and life specifics). - Nintendogs (A simulation, puzzle to raising a puppy). - Uncharted 3 (An open world, Act and Adventure staple for Sony).

   Puzzle - Little Big Planet ( Created by Media Molecule and published by Sony ). Other Puzzle games are dual Genre. 

   Action and Adventure - ( Also a Role Playing game, Mass Effect was released with massive graphics and superior gameplay). - Sonic the Hedgehog (A classic action game created by Sony). - Star Wars - Battlefront (Very concentrated on multiplayer).

   Fighting/Sports Punch-Out (Also an Old-School game, apart of a series, created by Nintendo). - Street Fighter 2 is a competitive fighting game developed by Capcom). - Tekken: Dark Resurrection (A fighting game update from the Playstation 2 version Tekken 5). 
 
   Party - Mario Kart Wii ( One of my favorites when it came to utilizing the remote and joystick simultaneously). 

   Racing - Mario Kart Wii (")


Any Genre left out has been included in the other Genres listed. I call these games Fusion Video Games. Just like food, you get more than you ordered. 