Oct. 10th, 2018
Submitted by,
Dylan R.
Marija Z.
David L.


1. 

- Market-Driven - No Man's Sky , Also technology driven, involved terrible gameplay, design and tech flaws, did not connect with the UI. Incomprehensively fast. -  Destiny (failed due to the promise of DLC's where only one was successful. Everything from the original game was useless.
  
- License Driven - Need for Speed (Also designer driven, too few customization options. Terrible AI). Batman Arkham Sylum, Pirates of the Carribbean - Armada of the Damned (cancelled), are just other example of failure to reach consumer satisfaction.

- Designer-Driven - Pirates of the Carribean - (The team was layed off to Work on Tron Evolution which was also cancelled. No connection or teamwork involved). 

- Technology-Driven - Evolve - (Lack of story, there are plenty of other shooters that deliver more fun and competition to choose from. No ones a winner as the Hunter becomes the prey). 

- Art-Driven - The Witcher 3 (Its gorgeous but the graphics did not compare to Assasin's of Kings and a huge let-down on PC driven engines). 

2.

a) Super Mario Bros  - The concept is simple, as an action and advention platform, to defeat Bowser and save Princess Peach. Mario 3 is a 2D game that was conseptionalized after the first two successful pieces of the franchise. The shell menu was basic, with a Start New, and a Load Previous, with uplifting cartoonish music. Both audio and visual aspects were complete with a user friendly inteface. The audio is subject to change automatically based on level and progression.    
(Feature characters include; Mario, Luigi, Toad, Princess Peach, Bowser, Gumba's etc...). The target audience would generally be focused toward video game beginners, and long time fans of the franchise. Nintendo owns all licensing for Super Mario. 
 
b) The creaters must have discussed the pros and cons of the previous games in the franchise, along with the demographic and funding. Discussing the element between new users and more passionate players. They would have also concidered the audio and storyline. They would discuss minor changes to enemies and bosses and level progression.

c) Update the graphics to a 4k standard, but we would leave it as a 2D platform as its success continues. The audio, video and gameplay would be enhanced to contrast the newer releases, and create more competetive value with an online presence.
 
3.

The game concept is simple and is a one dimentional, Old School shoot em up platform. There arent a lot of bacon bits here with an 8 bit processing system. This game compares closely to the Atari releases in the early 80's. Key characters involve the Ship, the Bacon Bit bonanza along with full pieces.
With this game we would add color, superior graphics and smoother controls. We'd improve audio and visual as well as enhance the parimeters of the levels. It would also be nice to increase the difficulty by adding additional obstacles with would include enemies and a side of egg salad. Now lets toss the salad and move on. Also, multiplayer aspects would be included as the updated game with be directed towards a Mobile Application, and cooberate with certain conglomerates to create a revenue stream. 

  