October 12th, 2018

Marija Zoric 
David Langen

4.5 Excercises 

1. a.b.c) Action (Call of Duty) Also an FPS, 3d shooter video game, with a solid storyline, widely popular worldwide, this game features a realistic war aspect with
fast-paced gameplay which utilizes quick reflexes and tactics to destroy enemy units. Their are many elements to this game imposed onto the algorythm, which
include ammo pickup, health packs etc. This game varies with its superior graphics engine, weapons, tutorial etc. along with multi-console playability. The designers of course
The designers clearly had a specific game concept in mind when creating the storylines, which are intricate, as well as allowing the player to access
different sources throughout (ie. landrover, helicopter etc).

2. a.b.c) Strategy (Starcraft) Originally a PC created RTS, quickly found a fanbase throughout the world. Its a game where the users create different territories along with a main base,
within the map to overwhelm their opponents, whether AI or other users. Strategy is inviolved along with timing (camp and troop build), with the option to explore 
a semi-vast mapping structure. They include a mini-map to create awareness for the user whilst you explore this real-time creation. This game falls into a Sci-Phi type genre,
which has an action/adventure aspect, which is still quite siminal to its competitors (ie. Warcraft, Lords Mobile etc). the variation of course is character genre, audio effects, 
with a visually stunning futuristic gameplay ahead of its time. This was smart by the creators as it enhanced its revenue stream.

3. a.b.c) RPG (Diablo Series) The diablo series allows you first and foremost to create your own character, in order to complete quests, challenges while you explore 
the open world, gaining additional attributes (ie. strength, vitality, mana, dexterity, intelligence, etc). This game, also an action and adventure classic, outwighs the
the potential of many other RPG's as it includes puzzles, lots of character interaction and modification. They emphasize highly on a well put-together storyline,
which emerges users into consistent gameplay. This game does not differ in many significant ways, other than gear types, set pieces, quests, uniques items, and the ability to
interact with other users. the series eventually conformed into a strong MMORPG. The creaters continued with their franchise as they continued to be successful. Fantasy pocket novels were also published to 
enhance revenue.   

4. a.b.c) Sports (NHL 2018) The NHL franchise has been in working order sinch the early 90's. They've continuously enhanced graphic, audio,
gameplay, customization etc. Clearly being a Hockey video Game immediately shoots it into the Sports genre. It involves quick reflexes, and 
is a game that you can go back to over and over to increase your skills with the controller. Generally the NHL series was created for concoles, not PC,
and has a number of difficulty levels to suit your experience. It includes action and franchise crossover's which help the creators manage their 
consistent revenue with the series, as large conglomorits should be seen running to be involved in this franchise. The way they differ is that as its in closed
arena their are no weather effects which can be seen in such games as NFL, and FIFA. I expect as they continue the would probably be smart to implement
the outdoor mode, as NHL games today have a number of games scheduled outside throughout the season.



5.6 Excercises

1. a.b.c) Vehicle Simulation Action Game (Need for Speed) The Need for Speed franchise has over 20 installments (along with different versions) and has been a staple on the Vehicle Simulation
Action Game genre since 1992. Need for Speed tailors to the niche hardcore purists, which is the target audience. As it varies from other racing games, it strongly
involves cops chasing you as you aim to finish the course selected. You have the option to customize vehicles (colour, engine etc), locate shortcuts, and find your races as you explore the open world
aspect of the game. This game also varies as it has a storyline, where most racing games or structured around time, damage and achievements which makes it not so typical. It also
includes up to date audio fast paced tracks with lied adjacent to the timeline of the release. 

2. a.b.c) Construction and Management (RollerCoaster Tycoon) RollerCoaster Tycoon is a video game where you're asked to create to most fun-filled theme park. You come accross economical challenges as 
you're building your rides, shops and foodstands. The CMS aspects involved in the game economy are quite simple as described before. The point of the game is to get as many patrons to pay for
the rides and rude, where the revenue helps to expand your park and personnel (ie. Janitors, Clean-up crew). This game does not vary much from other CMS games. 

3. a.b.c) Adventure (Tomb-Raider) Tomb-Raider has an interactive story where the player has to achieve certain goals while advancing through obstacles that each level presents. The game increases in\
difficulty as you move forward, with a graphic standard, as the levels are detailed, and the effects are obvious as they're spread throughout the environment. The game is avatar-based, where upgrades are essential to
progress to the final changes. The came includes lots of puzzle solving, small chalenges, and a small amount of enemy interaction as you compete through rough terrain and beautiful environments.
It allows you to save your progress through checkpoints as the journey can become tricky at points, where the audio will intensify and increase you stress level as you life meter decreases.
The target audience would be teenager and up. The game is also third-person and the avatar is non customizable other than the effects you pick up during open world exploration. 

4. a.b.c) Puzzle (Tetris) Tetris, a puzzle game, also falls in the Old School category, and has been a nostalgic stable for video gaming since 1984. The need to change and rotate falling pieces
to fit them into appropriate vacancies at the bottom of your screen, in orger to destroy lines of tile and get through the time limit before you hit the top. This platform-puzzle cross allows you
to continue throughout the game to achieve high scores, and challenge other online competitors. This game varies only in the fact that its an original, copyright puzzler. It's also multiplayer,
which allows a competetive, fun aspect to the game. It is a simple linear video game that led programmers to strive towards enhancing the gaming industry.  
  
5. a.b.c) Online (Battlefield) Battlefield is an online, FPS, 3d, action, shoot em up video game with intelligent AI in its training portion. The wide-landscapes allow many different gameplay modes
as you are able to control helicopters and dune buggeys etc. through rough, sophisticated. The game is extremely dependent on other player involvement, while it keeps players interested with
its variety of weapons, score control, time, and visual/audio effects. Players of this game have be known to become emerged within the game due to its realism, and its options to compete with
other players high scores. This game varies, as it is solely multiplayer, but as their isn't a large storyline behind it, the variation of gameplay keeps people satisfied. The Scope is complex, but
once fameliarized, allows the players to feel apart of something, battling alongside their team.   
